dreams are the seeds of action we'd all
do elf remember that a single-handed
race around the world have already sent
in my entry form may I point out he
don't have a boat capable in such a
voyage we're gonna build one have you
ever done anything like that before
that's the point if I can do it then so
can the bloke who stares at the horizon
but I'm putting in the money or you're
putting in everything else fooled myself
into thinking we were just building a
boat I didn't think I'd actually have to
watch you sail away a great deal of
pressure falls on the man alone on a
boat the sea shows no mercy where the
leaders 3,000 miles ahead if I go on my
chances of survival would be 50/50 if
they turn back I pay certain right
I can't go on and I can't go home I mean
what if I tell them my yeah this week
doll Kroger has been posting some
remarkable speech what do I do now I
thought I could play the game better
and always connected no matter how far
apart we now tomorrow and every day
after my children will still meet their
father and I will still need my husband
life must be lived the question becomes
what can you do
[Music]
give it all meaning
you
[Music]